common/config/metadata/amsr2/SeaIceConcentration.md, before:

# AMSR2 Sea Ice Concentration, 12 km
Temporal coverage: 13 January 2016 - present

The Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer 2 (AMSR2) "Sea Ice Concentration, 12km" layer displays the percent of sea ice concentration in the Polar regions at a 12.5 km resolution.

Sea ice concentration describes the relative amount of area covered by ice, compared to some reference area and usually reported as a percentage. In this case, the relative area is a 12.5 km x 12.5 km swath.

The Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer 2 (AMSR2) instrument is a conically scanning passive microwave radiometer sensing microwave radiation at 12 channels and 6 frequencies ranging from 6.9 to 89 GHz on board the Global Change Observation Mission – Water 1 (GCOM-W1) satellite.

### Source
Data product: [NRT AMSR2 Daily L3 12.5 km Tb and Sea Ice Concentration Polar Grids](https://ghrc.nsstc.nasa.gov/hydro/details.pl?ds=A2_SI12_NRT)

# AMSR2 Sea Ice Concentration, 25 km
Temporal coverage: 13 January 2016 - present

The Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer 2 (AMSR2) "Sea Ice Concentration, 25km" layer displays the percent of sea ice concentration in the Polar regions at a 25 km resolution.

Sea ice concentration describes the relative amount of area covered by ice, compared to some reference area and usually reported as a percentage.  In this case, the relative area is 25 km x 25 km swath.

The Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer 2 (AMSR2) instrument is a conically scanning passive microwave radiometer sensing microwave radiation at 12 channels and 6 frequencies ranging from 6.9 to 89 GHz on board the Global Change Observation Mission – Water 1 (GCOM-W1) satellite.

### Source
Data product: [NRT AMSR2 Daily L3 25 km Tb and Sea Ice Concentration Polar Grids](https://ghrc.nsstc.nasa.gov/hydro/details.pl?ds=A2_SI25_NRT)

Commit message:

Added resolution info to SMAP and AMSR

common/config/metadata/amsr2/SeaIceConcentration.md, after:

# AMSR2 Sea Ice Concentration, 12 km
Temporal coverage: 13 January 2016 - present

The Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer 2 (AMSR2) "Sea Ice Concentration, 12km" layer displays the percent of sea ice concentration in the Polar regions at a 12.5 km resolution.

Sea ice concentration describes the relative amount of area covered by ice, compared to some reference area and usually reported as a percentage. In this case, the relative area is a 12.5 km x 12.5 km swath.

The Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer 2 (AMSR2) instrument is a conically scanning passive microwave radiometer sensing microwave radiation at 12 channels and 6 frequencies ranging from 6.9 to 89 GHz on board the Global Change Observation Mission – Water 1 (GCOM-W1) satellite. The imagery resolution is 2 km and sensor resolution is 12.5 km. The temporal resolution is daily and temporal availability for viewing in Worldview/Global Imagery Browse Services (GIBS) is 13 January 2016 - present.

## Source
Data product: [NRT AMSR2 Daily L3 12.5 km Tb and Sea Ice Concentration Polar Grids](https://ghrc.nsstc.nasa.gov/hydro/details.pl?ds=A2_SI12_NRT)

# AMSR2 Sea Ice Concentration, 25 km
Temporal coverage: 13 January 2016 - present

The Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer 2 (AMSR2) "Sea Ice Concentration, 25km" layer displays the percent of sea ice concentration in the Polar regions at a 25 km resolution.

Sea ice concentration describes the relative amount of area covered by ice, compared to some reference area and usually reported as a percentage.  In this case, the relative area is 25 km x 25 km swath.

The Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer 2 (AMSR2) instrument is a conically scanning passive microwave radiometer sensing microwave radiation at 12 channels and 6 frequencies ranging from 6.9 to 89 GHz on board the Global Change Observation Mission – Water 1 (GCOM-W1) satellite. The imagery resolution is 2 km and sensor resolution is 25 km. The temporal resolution is daily and temporal availability for viewing in Worldview/Global Imagery Browse Services (GIBS) is 13 January 2016 - present.

## Source
Data product: [NRT AMSR2 Daily L3 25 km Tb and Sea Ice Concentration Polar Grids](https://ghrc.nsstc.nasa.gov/hydro/details.pl?ds=A2_SI25_NRT)
