common/config/metadata/amsre/BrightnessTemperature.md, before:

# AMSR-E Brightness Temperature (89H GHz | 89V GHz, B Scan, Day/Night)
Temporal coverage: 18 June 2002 - 4 October 2011

The Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer - Earth Observing System (AMSR-E) "Brightness Temperature" layers display brightness temperatures (TBs) in kelvins for the 89 GHz horizontal (H) and vertical (V) polarizations for the 1:30 a.m. ascending (day) and the 1:30 p.m. descending (night) half-orbit passes of the AMSR-E radiometer B feedhorn. Brightness temperature is the product of a body's physical temperature multiplied by its emissivity at a given wavelength. The 89 GHz TBs are provided in their native resolution of 5.4 km.  The AMSR-E TB product also contains 89 GHz TBs resampled to the coarser resolutions of the other AMSR-E channels.

On board NASA's Aqua satellite, the AMSR-E radiometer measured terrestrial, oceanic, and atmospheric variables used to investigate global water and energy cycles.

## Source
Data product: [AMSR-E/Aqua L2A Global Swath Spatially-Resampled Brightness Temperatures](http://nsidc.org/data/ae_l2a)

Data fields: 89.0H_Res.5B_TB_(not-resampled), 89.0V_Res.5B_TB_(not-resampled)

Commit message:

Added resolution info to SMAP and AMSR

common/config/metadata/amsre/BrightnessTemperature.md, after:

# AMSR-E Brightness Temperature (89H GHz | 89V GHz, B Scan, Day/Night)
Temporal coverage: 18 June 2002 - 4 October 2011

The Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer - Earth Observing System (AMSR-E) "Brightness Temperature" layers display brightness temperatures (TBs) in kelvins for the 89 GHz horizontal (H) and vertical (V) polarizations for the 1:30 a.m. ascending (day) and the 1:30 p.m. descending (night) half-orbit passes of the AMSR-E radiometer B feedhorn. Brightness temperature is the product of a body's physical temperature multiplied by its emissivity at a given wavelength. The 89 GHz TBs are provided in their native resolution of 5.4 km.  The AMSR-E TB product also contains 89 GHz TBs resampled to the coarser resolutions of the other AMSR-E channels.

On board NASA's Aqua satellite, the AMSR-E radiometer measured terrestrial, oceanic, and atmospheric variables used to investigate global water and energy cycles. The imagery resolution is 2 km and sensor resolution is 5.4 km. The temporal resolution is daily and temporal availability for viewing in Worldview/Global Imagery Browse Services (GIBS) is 18 June 2002 - 4 October 2011.

## Source
Data product: [AMSR-E/Aqua L2A Global Swath Spatially-Resampled Brightness Temperatures](http://nsidc.org/data/ae_l2a)

Data fields: 89.0H_Res.5B_TB_(not-resampled), 89.0V_Res.5B_TB_(not-resampled)
