common/config/metadata/amsre/SeaIceBrightnessTemperature.md, before:

# AMSR-E Sea Ice Brightness Temperature (89H GHz | 89V GHz, B Scan)
Temporal coverage: 18 June 2002 - 4 October 2011

The Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer - Earth Observing System (AMSR-E) "Sea Ice Brightness Temperature (89H and 89V GHz, B Scan)" layer displays sea ice  brightness temperatures (TBs) in kelvins at the Polar regions for the 89 GHz horizontal (H) and vertical (V) polarizations for the 1:30 a.m. ascending (day) half-orbit passes of the AMSR-E radiometer B feedhorn. Brightness temperature data are particularly useful for sea ice studies because of the relatively high contrast in emissivities between open water and sea ice.

Onboard NASA's Aqua satellite, the AMSR-E radiometer measured terrestrial, oceanic, and atmospheric parameters used to investigate global water and energy cycles.  

## Source
Data product: [AMSR-E/Aqua Daily L3 6.25 km 89 GHz Brightness Temperature Polar Grids](http://nsidc.org/data/ae_l2a)

Data fields: SI_06km_NH_89H_DAY; SI_06km_SH_89H_DAY, SI_06km_NH_89V_DAY; SI_06km_SH_89V_DAY

Commit message:

Added resolution info to SMAP and AMSR

common/config/metadata/amsre/SeaIceBrightnessTemperature.md, after:

# AMSR-E Sea Ice Brightness Temperature (89H GHz | 89V GHz, B Scan)
Temporal coverage: 18 June 2002 - 4 October 2011

The Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer - Earth Observing System (AMSR-E) "Sea Ice Brightness Temperature (89H and 89V GHz, B Scan)" layer displays sea ice  brightness temperatures (TBs) in kelvins at the Polar regions for the 89 GHz horizontal (H) and vertical (V) polarizations for the 1:30 a.m. ascending (day) half-orbit passes of the AMSR-E radiometer B feedhorn. Brightness temperature data are particularly useful for sea ice studies because of the relatively high contrast in emissivities between open water and sea ice.

Onboard NASA's Aqua satellite, the AMSR-E radiometer measured terrestrial, oceanic, and atmospheric parameters used to investigate global water and energy cycles. The imagery resolution is 2 km and sensor resolution is 6.25 km. The temporal resolution is daily and temporal availability for viewing in Worldview/Global Imagery Browse Services (GIBS) is 18 June 2002 - 4 October 2011.

## Source
Data product: [AMSR-E/Aqua Daily L3 6.25 km 89 GHz Brightness Temperature Polar Grids](http://nsidc.org/data/ae_l2a)

Data fields: SI_06km_NH_89H_DAY; SI_06km_SH_89H_DAY, SI_06km_NH_89V_DAY; SI_06km_SH_89V_DAY
