common/config/metadata/amsre/SeaIceConcentration.md, before:

# AMSR-E Sea Ice Concentration, 12 km
Temporal coverage: 18 June 2002 - 4 October 2011

The Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer - Earth Observing System (AMSR-E) "Sea Ice Concentration" layers displays the percent of sea ice concentration in the Polar regions as a daily composite of the 1:30 a.m. ascending and 1:30 p.m. descending half-orbit passes of the AMSR-E B feedhorn at a 12.5 km resolution.

Sea ice concentration describes the relative amount of area covered by ice, compared to some reference area and usually reported as a percentage.  In this case, the relative area is a 12.5 km x 12.5 km swath.

Onboard NASA's Aqua satellite, the AMSR-E radiometer measured terrestrial, oceanic, and atmospheric parameters used to investigate global water and energy cycles.  

## Source
Data product: [AMSR-E/Aqua Daily L3 12.5 km Brightness Temperature, Sea Ice Concentration, & Snow Depth Polar Grids](http://nsidc.org/data/ae_l2a)

Data fields: SI_12km_NH_ICECON_DAY; SI_12km_SH_ICECON_DAY

# AMSR-E Sea Ice Concentration, 25 km
Temporal coverage: 18 June 2002 - 4 October 2011

The Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer - Earth Observing System (AMSR-E) "Sea Ice Concentration, 25 km" layer displays the percent of sea ice concentration in the Polar regions as a daily composite of the 1:30 a.m. ascending and 1:30 p.m. descending half-orbit passes of the AMSR-E B feedhorn at a 25 km resolution.
Sea ice concentration describes the relative amount of area covered by ice, compared to some reference area and usually reported as a percentage.  In this case, the relative area is 25 km x 25 km swath.

Onboard NASA's Aqua satellite, the AMSR-E radiometer measured terrestrial, oceanic, and atmospheric parameters used to investigate global water and energy cycles.  

## Source
Data product: [AMSR-E/Aqua Daily L3 25 km Brightness Temperature & Sea Ice Concentration Polar Grids](http://nsidc.org/data/ae_si25)

Data fields: SI_25km_NH_ICECON_DAY; SI_25km_SH_ICECON_DAY

Commit message:

Added resolution info to SMAP and AMSR

common/config/metadata/amsre/SeaIceConcentration.md, after:

# AMSR-E Sea Ice Concentration, 12 km
Temporal coverage: 18 June 2002 - 4 October 2011

The Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer - Earth Observing System (AMSR-E) "Sea Ice Concentration" layers displays the percent of sea ice concentration in the Polar regions as a daily composite of the 1:30 a.m. ascending and 1:30 p.m. descending half-orbit passes of the AMSR-E B feedhorn at a 12.5 km resolution.

Sea ice concentration describes the relative amount of area covered by ice, compared to some reference area and usually reported as a percentage.  In this case, the relative area is a 12.5 km x 12.5 km swath.

Onboard NASA's Aqua satellite, the AMSR-E radiometer measured terrestrial, oceanic, and atmospheric parameters used to investigate global water and energy cycles. The imagery resolution is 2 km and sensor resolution is 12.5 km. The temporal resolution is daily and temporal availability for viewing in Worldview/Global Imagery Browse Services (GIBS) is 18 June 2002 - 4 October 2011.

## Source
Data product: [AMSR-E/Aqua Daily L3 12.5 km Brightness Temperature, Sea Ice Concentration, & Snow Depth Polar Grids](http://nsidc.org/data/ae_l2a)

Data fields: SI_12km_NH_ICECON_DAY; SI_12km_SH_ICECON_DAY

# AMSR-E Sea Ice Concentration, 25 km
Temporal coverage: 18 June 2002 - 4 October 2011

The Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer - Earth Observing System (AMSR-E) "Sea Ice Concentration, 25 km" layer displays the percent of sea ice concentration in the Polar regions as a daily composite of the 1:30 a.m. ascending and 1:30 p.m. descending half-orbit passes of the AMSR-E B feedhorn at a 25 km resolution.

Sea ice concentration describes the relative amount of area covered by ice, compared to some reference area and usually reported as a percentage.  In this case, the relative area is 25 km x 25 km swath.

Onboard NASA's Aqua satellite, the AMSR-E radiometer measured terrestrial, oceanic, and atmospheric parameters used to investigate global water and energy cycles. The imagery resolution is 2 km and sensor resolution is 25 km. The temporal resolution is daily and temporal availability for viewing in Worldview/Global Imagery Browse Services (GIBS) is 18 June 2002 - 4 October 2011.

## Source
Data product: [AMSR-E/Aqua Daily L3 25 km Brightness Temperature & Sea Ice Concentration Polar Grids](http://nsidc.org/data/ae_si25)

Data fields: SI_25km_NH_ICECON_DAY; SI_25km_SH_ICECON_DAY
