common/config/metadata/amsre/SurfacePrecipitationRate.md, before:

# AMSR-E Surface Precipitation Rate (Day/Night)
Temporal coverage: 18 June 2002 - 4 October 2011

The Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer - Earth Observing System (AMSR-E) "Surface Precipitation Rate (Day)" layer displays instantaneous total precipitation (solid and liquid) rate in millimeters per hour (mm/hr) at the surface for the 1:30 a.m. ascending (day) and the 1:30 p.m. descending (night) half-orbit passes of the AMSR-E B feedhorn. Surface precipitation rate is derived from brightness temperatures by modeling the absorption and scattering effects of precipitation on microwave emissions for specified cloud temperatures, water vapor, and hydro meteor profiles. Ice and snow are efficient scatterers of microwave radiation compared with rain.

 Onboard NASA's Aqua satellite, the AMSR-E radiometer measured terrestrial, oceanic, and atmospheric parameters used to investigate global water and energy cycles.  

## Source
Data product: [AMSR-E/Aqua L2B Global Swath Surface Precipitation GSFC Profiling Algorithm](http://nsidc.org/data/ae_rain)

Data field: surfacePrecipitation

# AMSR-E Surface Rain Rate (Day/Night)
Temporal coverage: 18 June 2002 - 4 October 2011

The Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer - Earth Observing System (AMSR-E) "Surface Rain Rate (Day)" layer displays instantaneous rain rate in millimeters per hour (mm/hr) for the 1:30 a.m. ascending (day) and the 1:30 p.m. descending (night) half-orbit passes of the AMSR-E B feedhorn. Surface rain rate is derived from brightness temperatures by modeling the absorption and scattering effects of rainfall on microwave emissions for specified cloud temperatures, water vapor, and hydro meteor profiles.

Onboard NASA's Aqua satellite, the AMSR-E radiometer measured terrestrial, oceanic, and atmospheric parameters used to investigate global water and energy cycles.  

## Source
Data product: [AMSR-E/Aqua L2B Global Swath Surface Precipitation GSFC Profiling Algorithm](http://nsidc.org/data/ae_rain)

Data field: surfaceRain

Commit message:

Added resolution info to SMAP and AMSR

common/config/metadata/amsre/SurfacePrecipitationRate.md, after:

# AMSR-E Surface Precipitation Rate (Day/Night)
Temporal coverage: 1 June 2002 - 4 October 2011

The Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer - Earth Observing System (AMSR-E) "Surface Precipitation Rate (Day)" layer displays instantaneous total precipitation (solid and liquid) rate in millimeters per hour (mm/hr) at the surface for the 1:30 a.m. ascending (day) and the 1:30 p.m. descending (night) half-orbit passes of the AMSR-E B feedhorn.

Surface precipitation rate is derived from brightness temperatures by modeling the absorption and scattering effects of precipitation on microwave emissions for specified cloud temperatures, water vapor, and hydro meteor profiles. Ice and snow are efficient scatterers of microwave radiation compared with rain.

Onboard NASA's Aqua satellite, the AMSR-E radiometer measured terrestrial, oceanic, and atmospheric parameters used to investigate global water and energy cycles. The imagery resolution is 2 km and sensor resolution is 10 km along track x 5 km along scan. The temporal resolution is daily and temporal availability for viewing in Worldview/Global Imagery Browse Services (GIBS) is 1 June 2002 - 4 October 2011.

## Source
Data product: [AMSR-E/Aqua L2B Global Swath Surface Precipitation GSFC Profiling Algorithm](http://nsidc.org/data/ae_rain)

Data field: surfacePrecipitation

# AMSR-E Surface Rain Rate (Day/Night)
Temporal coverage: 1 June 2002 - 4 October 2011

The Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer - Earth Observing System (AMSR-E) "Surface Rain Rate (Day)" layer displays instantaneous rain rate in millimeters per hour (mm/hr) for the 1:30 a.m. ascending (day) and the 1:30 p.m. descending (night) half-orbit passes of the AMSR-E B feedhorn.

Surface rain rate is derived from brightness temperatures by modeling the absorption and scattering effects of rainfall on microwave emissions for specified cloud temperatures, water vapor, and hydro meteor profiles.

Onboard NASA's Aqua satellite, the AMSR-E radiometer measured terrestrial, oceanic, and atmospheric parameters used to investigate global water and energy cycles.The imagery resolution is 2 km and sensor resolution is 10 km along track x 5 km along scan. The temporal resolution is daily and temporal availability for viewing in Worldview/Global Imagery Browse Services (GIBS) is 1 June 2002 - 4 October 2011.

## Source
Data product: [AMSR-E/Aqua L2B Global Swath Surface Precipitation GSFC Profiling Algorithm](http://nsidc.org/data/ae_rain)

Data field: surfaceRain
