common/config/metadata/smap/BrightnessTemperature.md, before:

# Uncorrected Brightness Temperature (L1, Passive, Fore | Aft, H Polarization | V Polarization)
Temporal coverage: 31 March 2015 - present

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) "Uncorrected Brightness Temperature" layers display brightness temperatures (TBs) uncorrected for the presence of water in kelvins for the horizontal (H) and vertical (V) polarizations of the fore and aft scans from the SMAP radiometer. At the L-band frequency used by SMAP, the TB of the land surface is proportional to its emissivity multiplied by its physical temperature.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate.

## Source
Data Product: [SMAP L1C Radiometer Half-Orbit 36 km EASE-Grid Brightness Temperatures](http://nsidc.org/data/SPL1CTB)

Data fields: cell_tb_h_fore, cell_tb_h_aft, cell_tb_v_fore, cell_tb_v_aft

## References: [SMAP L1C Radiometer Half-Orbit 36 km EASE-Grid Brightness Temperatures](http://nsidc.org/data/SPL1CTB)

# Uncorrected Brightness Temperature QA and RFI Flags
Temporal coverage: March 31, 2015 - present

# Uncorrected Brightness Temperature QA (L1, Passive, Fore | Aft, H Polarization | V Polarization)
The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) "Uncorrected Brightness Temperature QA” layers display quality assurance (QA) flags for uncorrected brightness temperatures (TBs) for the horizontal (H) and vertical (V) polarizations of the fore and aft scans from the SMAP radiometer.

Within the image, green indicates that TB observations have acceptable quality for science use, yellow indicates that caution should be used with the TB observations as one or more quality-impacting conditions have been identified, and red indicates that TB observations are flagged as bad due to unacceptable quality.

# Uncorrected Brightness Temperature RFI (L1, Passive, Fore | Aft, H Polarization | V Polarization)
The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) "Uncorrected Brightness Temperature RFI” layers displays Radio Frequency Interference (RFI) quality flags of uncorrected brightness temperatures (TBs) for the horizontal (H) and vertical (V) polarizations of the fore and aft scans from the SMAP radiometer. RFI refers to the interference in measurements from other transmitters operating at frequencies adjacent to the SMAP L-band frequency.

Within the image, green indicates that TB observations are free of RFI and approved for science use, yellow indicates that caution should be used with the TB observations as RFI was detected but mitigated, and red indicates that TB observations are flagged as bad due to RFI.

## Source
Data Product: [SMAP L1C Radiometer Half-Orbit 36 km EASE-Grid Brightness Temperatures](http://nsidc.org/data/SPL1CTB)

Data fields: cell_tb_qual_flag_h_fore, cell_tb_qual_flag_h_aft, cell_tb_qual_flag_v_fore, cell_tb_qual_flag_v_aft

## References: [SMAP L1C Radiometer Half-Orbit 36 km EASE-Grid Brightness Temperatures](http://nsidc.org/data/SPL1CTB)

# Corrected Brightness Temperature (L3, Passive, H Polarization | V Polarization)
Temporal coverage: 31 March 2015 - present

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) "Corrected Brightness Temperature" layers display brightness temperatures (TBs) in kelvins for the horizontal (H) and vertical (V) polarizations from the SMAP radiometer.

The TBs are corrected for the presence of water wherever water fraction is below a threshold. At the L-band frequency used by SMAP, the TB of the land surface is proportional to its emissivity multiplied by its physical temperature.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L3 Radiometer Global Daily 36 km EASE-Grid Soil Moisture](http://nsidc.org/data/SPL3SMP)

Data fields: tb_h_corrected, tb_v_corrected

## References: [SMAP L3 Radiometer Global Daily 36 km EASE-Grid Soil Moisture](http://nsidc.org/data/spl3smap/); [SMAP Handbook](https://smap.jpl.nasa.gov/files/smap2/SMAP_Handbook_FINAL_1_JULY_2014_Web.pdf)

Commit message:

Added resolution info to SMAP and AMSR

common/config/metadata/smap/BrightnessTemperature.md, after:

# Uncorrected Brightness Temperature (L1, Passive, Fore | Aft, H Polarization | V Polarization)
Temporal coverage: 31 March 2015 - present

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) "Uncorrected Brightness Temperature" layers display brightness temperatures (TBs) uncorrected for the presence of water in Kelvin (K) for the horizontal (H) and vertical (V) polarizations of the fore and aft scans from the SMAP radiometer. At the L-band frequency used by SMAP, the TB of the land surface is proportional to its emissivity multiplied by its physical temperature.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate. The imagery resolution is 2 km and sensor resolution is 36 km. The temporal resolution is daily and temporal availability for viewing in Worldview/Global Imagery Browse Services (GIBS) is 31 March 2015 - present.


## Source
Data Product: [SMAP L1C Radiometer Half-Orbit 36 km EASE-Grid Brightness Temperatures](http://nsidc.org/data/SPL1CTB)

Data fields: cell_tb_h_fore, cell_tb_h_aft, cell_tb_v_fore, cell_tb_v_aft

## References: [SMAP L1C Radiometer Half-Orbit 36 km EASE-Grid Brightness Temperatures](http://nsidc.org/data/SPL1CTB)

# Uncorrected Brightness Temperature QA and RFI Flags
Temporal coverage: March 31, 2015 - present

# Uncorrected Brightness Temperature QA (L1, Passive, Fore | Aft, H Polarization | V Polarization)
The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) "Uncorrected Brightness Temperature QA” layers display quality assurance (QA) flags for uncorrected brightness temperatures (TBs) for the horizontal (H) and vertical (V) polarizations of the fore and aft scans from the SMAP radiometer.

Within the image, green indicates that TB observations have acceptable quality for science use, yellow indicates that caution should be used with the TB observations as one or more quality-impacting conditions have been identified, and red indicates that TB observations are flagged as bad due to unacceptable quality.

# Uncorrected Brightness Temperature RFI (L1, Passive, Fore | Aft, H Polarization | V Polarization)
The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) "Uncorrected Brightness Temperature RFI” layers displays Radio Frequency Interference (RFI) quality flags of uncorrected brightness temperatures (TBs) for the horizontal (H) and vertical (V) polarizations of the fore and aft scans from the SMAP radiometer. RFI refers to the interference in measurements from other transmitters operating at frequencies adjacent to the SMAP L-band frequency.

Within the image, green indicates that TB observations are free of RFI and approved for science use, yellow indicates that caution should be used with the TB observations as RFI was detected but mitigated, and red indicates that TB observations are flagged as bad due to RFI.

## Source
Data Product: [SMAP L1C Radiometer Half-Orbit 36 km EASE-Grid Brightness Temperatures](http://nsidc.org/data/SPL1CTB)

Data fields: cell_tb_qual_flag_h_fore, cell_tb_qual_flag_h_aft, cell_tb_qual_flag_v_fore, cell_tb_qual_flag_v_aft

## References: [SMAP L1C Radiometer Half-Orbit 36 km EASE-Grid Brightness Temperatures](http://nsidc.org/data/SPL1CTB)

# Corrected Brightness Temperature (L3, Passive, H Polarization | V Polarization)
Temporal coverage: 31 March 2015 - present

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) "Corrected Brightness Temperature" layers display brightness temperatures (TBs) in Kelvin (K) for the horizontal (H) and vertical (V) polarizations from the SMAP radiometer.

The TBs are corrected for the presence of water wherever water fraction is below a threshold. At the L-band frequency used by SMAP, the TB of the land surface is proportional to its emissivity multiplied by its physical temperature.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate. The imagery resolution is 2 km and sensor resolution is 36 km. The temporal resolution is daily and temporal availability for viewing in Worldview/Global Imagery Browse Services (GIBS) is 31 March 2015 - present.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L3 Radiometer Global Daily 36 km EASE-Grid Soil Moisture](http://nsidc.org/data/SPL3SMP)

Data fields: tb_h_corrected, tb_v_corrected

## References: [SMAP L3 Radiometer Global Daily 36 km EASE-Grid Soil Moisture](http://nsidc.org/data/spl3smap/); [SMAP Handbook](https://smap.jpl.nasa.gov/files/smap2/SMAP_Handbook_FINAL_1_JULY_2014_Web.pdf)
