common/config/metadata/smap/DisaggregatedBrightnessTemperature.md, before:

# Disaggregated Brightness Temperature (L3, Active/Passive, H Polarization | V Polarization)
Temporal coverage:  13 April 2015 - 7 July 2015

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) "Disaggregated Brightness Temperature” layers display brightness temperatures (TBs) in kelvins for the horizontal (H) and vertical (V) polarizations from the SMAP radiometer.

The TBs are adjusted for the presence of water bodies and disaggregated from the 36 km EASE-Grid 2.0 cells into 9 km grid cells. At the L-band frequency used by SMAP, the TB of the land surface is proportional to its emissivity multiplied by its physical temperature.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L3 Radar/Radiometer Global Daily 9 km EASE-Grid Soil Moisture](http://nsidc.org/data/spl3smap/)

Data fields: tb_h_disaggregated, tb_v_disaggregated

## References: [SMAP L3 Radar/Radiometer Global Daily 9 km EASE-Grid Soil Moisture](http://nsidc.org/data/spl3smap/); [SMAP Handbook](https://smap.jpl.nasa.gov/files/smap2/SMAP_Handbook_FINAL_1_JULY_2014_Web.pdf)

Commit message:

Added resolution info to SMAP and AMSR

common/config/metadata/smap/DisaggregatedBrightnessTemperature.md, after:

# Disaggregated Brightness Temperature (L3, Active/Passive, H Polarization | V Polarization)
Temporal coverage:  13 April 2015 - 7 July 2015

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) "Disaggregated Brightness Temperature” layers display brightness temperatures (TBs) in Kelvin (K) for the horizontal (H) and vertical (V) polarizations from the SMAP radiometer.

The TBs are adjusted for the presence of water bodies and disaggregated from the 36 km EASE-Grid 2.0 cells into 9 km grid cells. At the L-band frequency used by SMAP, the TB of the land surface is proportional to its emissivity multiplied by its physical temperature.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate. The imagery resolution is 2 km and sensor resolution is 9 km. The temporal resolution is daily and temporal availability for viewing in Worldview/Global Imagery Browse Services (GIBS) is 13 April 2015 - 7 July 2015.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L3 Radar/Radiometer Global Daily 9 km EASE-Grid Soil Moisture](http://nsidc.org/data/spl3smap/)

Data fields: tb_h_disaggregated, tb_v_disaggregated

## References: [SMAP L3 Radar/Radiometer Global Daily 9 km EASE-Grid Soil Moisture](http://nsidc.org/data/spl3smap/); [SMAP Handbook](https://smap.jpl.nasa.gov/files/smap2/SMAP_Handbook_FINAL_1_JULY_2014_Web.pdf)
