common/config/metadata/smap/FaradayRotationAngle.md, before:

# Faraday Rotation Angle (L1, Passive, Fore | Aft)
Temporal coverage: 31 March 2015 - present

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) "Faraday Rotation Angle" layers display Faraday rotation angle in degrees for the fore and aft scans of the SMAP radiometer.

Faraday rotation is a phenomenon in which the polarization vector of an electromagnetic wave rotates as the wave propagates through the ionosphere. While the Faraday rotation is minimized by SMAP’s 6:00 AM/6:00 PM near sun-synchronous orbit, the inclusion of this information provides a capability to correct for possible Faraday rotation.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L1B Radiometer Half-Orbit Time-Ordered Brightness Temperatures](https://nsidc.org/data/spl1btb/)

Data field: faraday_rotation_angle

## References: [SMAP L1B Radiometer Half-Orbit Time-Ordered Brightness Temperatures](https://nsidc.org/data/spl1btb/); [SMAP Handbook](https://smap.jpl.nasa.gov/files/smap2/SMAP_Handbook_FINAL_1_JULY_2014_Web.pdf)

Commit message:

Added resolution info to SMAP and AMSR

common/config/metadata/smap/FaradayRotationAngle.md, after:

# Faraday Rotation Angle (L1, Passive, Fore | Aft)
Temporal coverage: 31 March 2015 - present

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) "Faraday Rotation Angle" layers display Faraday rotation angle in degrees for the fore and aft scans of the SMAP radiometer.

Faraday rotation is a phenomenon in which the polarization vector of an electromagnetic wave rotates as the wave propagates through the ionosphere. While the Faraday rotation is minimized by SMAP’s 6:00 AM/6:00 PM near sun-synchronous orbit, the inclusion of this information provides a capability to correct for possible Faraday rotation.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate. The imagery resolution is 2 km and sensor resolution is 47 km x 36 km. The temporal resolution is daily and temporal availability for viewing in Worldview/Global Imagery Browse Services (GIBS) is 31 March 2015 - present.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L1B Radiometer Half-Orbit Time-Ordered Brightness Temperatures](https://nsidc.org/data/spl1btb/)

Data field: faraday_rotation_angle

## References: [SMAP L1B Radiometer Half-Orbit Time-Ordered Brightness Temperatures](https://nsidc.org/data/spl1btb/); [SMAP Handbook](https://smap.jpl.nasa.gov/files/smap2/SMAP_Handbook_FINAL_1_JULY_2014_Web.pdf)
