common/config/metadata/smap/FreezeThaw.md, before:

# Freeze/Thaw (L3, Active)
Temporal coverage: 13 April 2015 - 7 July 2015

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) “Freeze/Thaw (L3, Active)” layer displays freeze/thaw state for land surface areas north of 45°N latitude from the SMAP radar. Freeze/thaw is detected by identifying the temporal response of radar backscatter to changes in the dielectric constant of the landscape components that occur as the water within the components transitions between frozen and non-frozen conditions.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L3 Radar Northern Hemisphere Daily 3 km EASE-Grid Freeze/Thaw State](http://nsidc.org/data/spl3fta/)

Data field : freeze_thaw

## References: [SMAP L3 Radar Northern Hemisphere Daily 3 km EASE-Grid Freeze/Thaw State](http://nsidc.org/data/spl3fta/); [Algorithm Theoretical Basis Document Level 3 Radar Freeze/Thaw Data Product, Revision A, December 9, 2014](https://nsidc.org/sites/nsidc.org/files/files/274_L3_FT_A_RevA_web.pdf)

Commit message:

Added resolution info to SMAP and AMSR

common/config/metadata/smap/FreezeThaw.md, after:

# Freeze/Thaw (L3, Active)
Temporal coverage: 13 April 2015 - 7 July 2015

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) “Freeze/Thaw (L3, Active)” layer displays freeze/thaw state for land surface areas north of 45°N latitude from the SMAP radar. Freeze/thaw is detected by identifying the temporal response of radar backscatter to changes in the dielectric constant of the landscape components that occur as the water within the components transitions between frozen and non-frozen conditions.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate. The imagery resolution is 2 km and sensor resolution is 3 km. The temporal resolution is daily and temporal availability for viewing in Worldview/Global Imagery Browse Services (GIBS) is 13 April 2015 - 7 July 2015.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L3 Radar Northern Hemisphere Daily 3 km EASE-Grid Freeze/Thaw State](http://nsidc.org/data/spl3fta/)

Data field : freeze_thaw

## References: [SMAP L3 Radar Northern Hemisphere Daily 3 km EASE-Grid Freeze/Thaw State](http://nsidc.org/data/spl3fta/); [Algorithm Theoretical Basis Document Level 3 Radar Freeze/Thaw Data Product, Revision A, December 9, 2014](https://nsidc.org/sites/nsidc.org/files/files/274_L3_FT_A_RevA_web.pdf)
