common/config/metadata/smap/GrossPrimaryProduction.md, before:

# Gross Primary Production (L4, 9 km Grid Cell Mean, Model Value-Added)
Temporal coverage: 13 April 2015 - present

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) “Gross Primary Production (L4, 9 km Grid Cell Mean, Model Value-Added)” layer displays global daily mean vegetation gross primary productivity (GPP)  in grams of carbon uptake per meter squared per day (gC m<sup>-2</sup> day<sup>-1</sup>).  GPP is defined as the rate at which vegetation captures and stores carbon dioxide in a given length of time via a photosynthetic process.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L4 Global Daily 9 km Carbon Net Ecosystem Exchange](https://nsidc.org/data/spl4cmdl/)

Data field: gpp_mean

## References: [SMAP L4 Global Daily 9 km Carbon Net Ecosystem Exchange](https://nsidc.org/data/spl4cmdl/); [Algorithm Theoretical Basis Document SMAP Level 4 Carbon Data Product (L4_C) Revision A December 9, 2014](https://nsidc.org/sites/nsidc.org/files/files/271_L4_C_RevA_web.pdf)

Commit message:

Added resolution info to SMAP and AMSR

common/config/metadata/smap/GrossPrimaryProduction.md, after:

# Gross Primary Production (L4, 9 km Grid Cell Mean, Model Value-Added)
Temporal coverage: 13 April 2015 - present

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) “Gross Primary Production (L4, 9 km Grid Cell Mean, Model Value-Added)” layer displays global daily mean vegetation gross primary productivity (GPP)  in grams of carbon uptake per meter squared per day (gC m<sup>-2</sup> day<sup>-1</sup>). Gross Primary Production (GPP) is defined as the rate at which vegetation captures and stores carbon dioxide in a given length of time via a photosynthetic process.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate. The imagery resolution is 2 km and sensor resolution is 9 km. The temporal resolution is daily and temporal availability for viewing in Worldview/Global Imagery Browse Services (GIBS) is 13 April 2015 - present.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L4 Global Daily 9 km Carbon Net Ecosystem Exchange](https://nsidc.org/data/spl4cmdl/)

Data field: gpp_mean

## References: [SMAP L4 Global Daily 9 km Carbon Net Ecosystem Exchange](https://nsidc.org/data/spl4cmdl/); [Algorithm Theoretical Basis Document SMAP Level 4 Carbon Data Product (L4_C) Revision A December 9, 2014](https://nsidc.org/sites/nsidc.org/files/files/271_L4_C_RevA_web.pdf)
