common/config/metadata/smap/HeterotrophicResipration.md, before:

# Heterotrophic Respiration (L4, 9 km Grid Cell Mean, Model Value-Added)
Temporal coverage: 13 April 2015 - present

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) “Heterotrophic Respiration (L4, 9 km Grid Cell Mean, Model Value-Added)” layer displays model-derived global daily heterotrophic respiration in grams of carbon uptake per meter squared per day ( gC m<sup>-2</sup> day<sup>-1</sup>).  Heterotrophic respiration is computed as the sum of variable decomposition and respiration rates from metabolic, structural, and recalcitrant Soil Organic Carbon (SOC) pools and corresponding decomposition rate parameters. The metabolic and structural SOC pools represent plant litter with relatively short (e.g., ≤ 5 years) turnover periods, while the recalcitrant pool represents more physically and chemically protected SOC with a longer turnover time.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L4 Global Daily 9 km Carbon Net Ecosystem Exchange](https://nsidc.org/data/spl4cmdl/)

Data field: rh_mean

## References: [SMAP L4 Global Daily 9 km Carbon Net Ecosystem Exchange](https://nsidc.org/data/spl4cmdl/); [SMAP Handbook](https://smap.jpl.nasa.gov/files/smap2/SMAP_Handbook_FINAL_1_JULY_2014_Web.pdf)

Commit message:

Added resolution info to SMAP and AMSR

common/config/metadata/smap/HeterotrophicResipration.md, after:

# Heterotrophic Respiration (L4, 9 km Grid Cell Mean, Model Value-Added)
Temporal coverage: 13 April 2015 - present

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) “Heterotrophic Respiration (L4, 9 km Grid Cell Mean, Model Value-Added)” layer displays model-derived global daily heterotrophic respiration in grams of carbon uptake per meter squared per day ( gC m<sup>-2</sup> day<sup>-1</sup>). Heterotrophic respiration is computed as the sum of variable decomposition and respiration rates from metabolic, structural, and recalcitrant Soil Organic Carbon (SOC) pools and corresponding decomposition rate parameters. The metabolic and structural SOC pools represent plant litter with relatively short (e.g., ≤ 5 years) turnover periods, while the recalcitrant pool represents more physically and chemically protected SOC with a longer turnover time.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate. The imagery resolution is 2 km and sensor resolution is 9 km. The temporal resolution is daily and temporal availability for viewing in Worldview/Global Imagery Browse Services (GIBS) is 13 April 2015 - present.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L4 Global Daily 9 km Carbon Net Ecosystem Exchange](https://nsidc.org/data/spl4cmdl/)

Data field: rh_mean

## References: [SMAP L4 Global Daily 9 km Carbon Net Ecosystem Exchange](https://nsidc.org/data/spl4cmdl/); [SMAP Handbook](https://smap.jpl.nasa.gov/files/smap2/SMAP_Handbook_FINAL_1_JULY_2014_Web.pdf)
