common/config/metadata/smap/PercentFrozenArea.md, before:

# Percent Frozen Area (L4, 9 km Grid Cell Coverage, Model Value-Added)
Temporal coverage: 13 April 2015 - present

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) “Percent Frozen Area (L4, 9 km Grid Cell Coverage, Model Value-Added)” layer displays an environmental constraint defined as the percent  frozen area within each 9-km grid cell, as defined by daily surface temperature inputs from the Goddard Earth Observing System Model, Version 5 (GEOS-5) land model. Percent frozen area, combined with environmental constraints on temperature and moisture, facilitates improved algorithm and product accuracy over heterogeneous land cover areas, and product outputs that are more consistent with the mean sampling footprint of most tower CO<sub>2</sub> flux measurement sites.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L4 Global Daily 9 km Carbon Net Ecosystem Exchange](https://nsidc.org/data/spl4cmdl/)

Data field: frozen_area

## References: [SMAP L4 Global Daily 9 km Carbon Net Ecosystem Exchange](https://nsidc.org/data/spl4cmdl/); [SMAP Handbook](https://smap.jpl.nasa.gov/files/smap2/SMAP_Handbook_FINAL_1_JULY_2014_Web.pdf)

Commit message:

Added resolution info to SMAP and AMSR

common/config/metadata/smap/PercentFrozenArea.md, after:

# Percent Frozen Area (L4, 9 km Grid Cell Coverage, Model Value-Added)
Temporal coverage: 13 April 2015 - present

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) “Percent Frozen Area (L4, 9 km Grid Cell Coverage, Model Value-Added)” layer displays an environmental constraint defined as the percent  frozen area within each 9-km grid cell, as defined by daily surface temperature inputs from the Goddard Earth Observing System Model, Version 5 (GEOS-5) land model. Percent frozen area, combined with environmental constraints on temperature and moisture, facilitates improved algorithm and product accuracy over heterogeneous land cover areas, and product outputs that are more consistent with the mean sampling footprint of most tower CO<sub>2</sub> flux measurement sites.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate. The imagery resolution is 2 km and sensor resolution is 9 km. The temporal resolution is daily and temporal availability for viewing in Worldview/Global Imagery Browse Services (GIBS) is 13 April 2015 - present.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L4 Global Daily 9 km Carbon Net Ecosystem Exchange](https://nsidc.org/data/spl4cmdl/)

Data field: frozen_area

## References: [SMAP L4 Global Daily 9 km Carbon Net Ecosystem Exchange](https://nsidc.org/data/spl4cmdl/); [SMAP Handbook](https://smap.jpl.nasa.gov/files/smap2/SMAP_Handbook_FINAL_1_JULY_2014_Web.pdf)
