common/config/metadata/smap/SoilMoisture_L3_Active.md, before:

# Soil Moisture (L3, Active)
Temporal coverage: 31 March 2015 - 7 July 2015

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) “Soil Moisture (L3, Active)” layer displays a daily global composite of surface soil moisture in cm<sup>3</sup>/cm<sup>3</sup> from the 6:00 a.m. descending half-orbit passes of the SMAP radar. The amount of backscatter returned to the radar changes with the amount of moisture in the soil. Wetter soil causes more backscatter to reach the radar. Retrieval of soil moisture from measured backscatter data typically implies an inversion of the radar forward scattering process. The SMAP approach is a multichannel retrieval algorithm that searches for a soil moisture solution such that the difference between modeled and observed backscatter is minimized in the least squares sense.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L3 Radar Global Daily 3 km EASE-Grid Soil Moisture](http://nsidc.org/data/spl3sma/)

Data field: soil_moisture

## References: [SMAP L3 Radar Global Daily 3 km EASE-Grid Soil Moisture](http://nsidc.org/data/spl3sma/); [Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) Algorithm Theoretical Basis Document SMAP L2 & L3 Radar Soil Moisture (Active) Data Products Revision A December 9, 2014](https://nsidc.org/sites/nsidc.org/files/files/276_L2_3_SM_A_RevA_web.pdf); [SMAP Handbook](https://smap.jpl.nasa.gov/files/smap2/SMAP_Handbook_FINAL_1_JULY_2014_Web.pdf)

Commit message:

Added resolution info to SMAP and AMSR

common/config/metadata/smap/SoilMoisture_L3_Active.md, after:

# Soil Moisture (L3, Active)
Temporal coverage: 31 March 2015 - 7 July 2015

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) “Soil Moisture (L3, Active)” layer displays a daily global composite of surface soil moisture in cm<sup>3</sup>/cm<sup>3</sup> from the 6:00 a.m. descending half-orbit passes of the SMAP radar. The amount of backscatter returned to the radar changes with the amount of moisture in the soil. Wetter soil causes more backscatter to reach the radar. Retrieval of soil moisture from measured backscatter data typically implies an inversion of the radar forward scattering process. The SMAP approach is a multichannel retrieval algorithm that searches for a soil moisture solution such that the difference between modeled and observed backscatter is minimized in the least squares sense.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate. The imagery resolution is 2 km and sensor resolution is 3 km. The temporal resolution is daily and temporal availability for viewing in Worldview/Global Imagery Browse Services (GIBS) is 31 March 2015 - 7 July 2015.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L3 Radar Global Daily 3 km EASE-Grid Soil Moisture](http://nsidc.org/data/spl3sma/)

Data field: soil_moisture

## References: [SMAP L3 Radar Global Daily 3 km EASE-Grid Soil Moisture](http://nsidc.org/data/spl3sma/); [Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) Algorithm Theoretical Basis Document SMAP L2 & L3 Radar Soil Moisture (Active) Data Products Revision A December 9, 2014](https://nsidc.org/sites/nsidc.org/files/files/276_L2_3_SM_A_RevA_web.pdf); [SMAP Handbook](https://smap.jpl.nasa.gov/files/smap2/SMAP_Handbook_FINAL_1_JULY_2014_Web.pdf)
