common/config/metadata/smap/SoilMoisture_L2_L3_Passive.md, before:

# Soil Moisture (L2, Passive, Single Channel Algorithm, H Polarization)
Temporal coverage: 31 March 2015 - present

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) "Soil Moisture (L2, Passive, Single Channel Algorithm, H Polarization)" layer displays surface soil moisture in cm<sup>3</sup>/cm<sup>3</sup> derived from the Single Channel Algorithm H-Pol (SCA-H), one of four optional soil moisture algorithms, for the 6:00 a.m. descending half-orbit passes of the SMAP radiometer. The SMAP radiometer measures natural thermal emission emanating from the soil surface. The variation in the intensity of this radiation depends on the dielectric properties and temperature of the target medium, which for the near surface soil layer is a function of the amount of moisture present. In the SCA-H, the horizontally polarized brightness temperatures are converted to emissivity using a surrogate for the physical temperature of the emitting layer. The derived emissivity is corrected for vegetation and surface roughness to obtain the soil emissivity. The Fresnel equation is then used to determine the dielectric constant. Finally, a dielectric mixing model is used to obtain the soil moisture given knowledge of the soil texture.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L2 Radiometer Half-Orbit 36 km EASE-Grid Soil Moisture](http://nsidc.org/data/SPL2SMP)

Data field: soil_moisture_option1

## References: [SMAP L2 Radiometer Half-Orbit 36 km EASE-Grid Soil Moisture](http://nsidc.org/data/SPL2SMP); [Algorithm Theoretical Basis Document Level 2 & 3 Soil Moisture (Passive) Data Products](https://nsidc.org/sites/nsidc.org/files/files/L2_SM_P_ATBD_v7_Sep2015-po-en%281%29.pdf)

# Soil Moisture (L2, Passive, Single Channel Algorithm, V Polarization)
Temporal coverage: March 31, 2015 - present

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) "Soil Moisture (L2, Passive, Single Channel Algorithm, V Polarization)" layer displays surface soil moisture in cm<sup>3</sup>/cm<sup>3</sup> derived from the Single Channel Algorithm V-Pol (SCA-V), the baseline soil moisture algorithm, for the 6:00 a.m. descending half-orbit passes of the SMAP radiometer. The SMAP radiometer measures natural thermal emission emanating from the soil surface. The variation in the intensity of this radiation depends on the dielectric properties and temperature of the target medium, which for the near surface soil layer is a function of the amount of moisture present. In the SCA-V, the vertically polarized brightness temperature observations are converted to emissivity using a surrogate for the physical temperature of the emitting layer. The derived emissivity is corrected for vegetation and surface roughness to obtain the soil emissivity. The Fresnel equation is then used to determine the dielectric constant from the soil emissivity. Finally, a dielectric mixing model is used to solve for the soil moisture given knowledge of the soil texture.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L2 Radiometer Half-Orbit 36 km EASE-Grid Soil Moisture](http://nsidc.org/data/SPL2SMP)

Data field: soil_moisture_option2

## References: [SMAP L2 Radiometer Half-Orbit 36 km EASE-Grid Soil Moisture](http://nsidc.org/data/SPL2SMP); [Algorithm Theoretical Basis Document Level 2 & 3 Soil Moisture (Passive) Data Products](https://nsidc.org/sites/nsidc.org/files/files/L2_SM_P_ATBD_v7_Sep2015-po-en%281%29.pdf)

# Soil Moisture (L2, Passive, Dual Channel Algorithm)
Temporal coverage: March 31, 2015 - present

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) "Soil Moisture (L2, Passive, Dual Channel Algorithm)" layer displays surface soil moisture in cm<sup>3</sup>/cm<sup>3</sup> derived from the Dual Channel Algorithm (DCA), one of four optional soil moisture algorithms, for the 6:00 a.m. descending half-orbit passes of the SMAP radiometer. The SMAP radiometer measures natural thermal emission emanating from the soil surface. The variation in the intensity of this radiation depends on the dielectric properties and temperature of the target medium, which for the near surface soil layer is a function of the amount of moisture present. In the DCA, both the vertically and horizontally polarized brightness temperatures are used to solve for soil moisture and vegetation optical depth.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L2 Radiometer Half-Orbit 36 km EASE-Grid Soil Moisture](http://nsidc.org/data/SPL2SMP)

Data field: soil_moisture_option3

## References: [SMAP L2 Radiometer Half-Orbit 36 km EASE-Grid Soil Moisture](http://nsidc.org/data/SPL2SMP); [Algorithm Theoretical Basis Document Level 2 & 3 Soil Moisture (Passive) Data Products](https://nsidc.org/sites/nsidc.org/files/files/L2_SM_P_ATBD_v7_Sep2015-po-en%281%29.pdf)

# Soil Moisture (L3, Passive)
Temporal coverage: March 31, 2015 - present

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) "Soil Moisture (L3, Passive)" layer displays a daily global composite of surface soil moisture in cm<sup>3</sup>/cm<sup>3</sup> derived from the Single Channel Algorithm V-Pol (SCA-V), the baseline soil moisture algorithm, for the 6:00 a.m. descending half-orbit passes of the SMAP radiometer. The SMAP radiometer measures natural thermal emission emanating from the soil surface. The variation in the intensity of this radiation depends on the dielectric properties and temperature of the target medium, which for the near surface soil layer is a function of the amount of moisture present.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L3 Radiometer Global Daily 36 km EASE-Grid Soil Moisture](http://nsidc.org/data/SPL3SMP)

Data field: soil_moisture

## References: [SMAP L3 Radiometer Global Daily 36 km EASE-Grid Soil Moisture](http://nsidc.org/data/SPL3SMP); [Algorithm Theoretical Basis Document Level 2 & 3 Soil Moisture (Passive) Data Products](https://nsidc.org/sites/nsidc.org/files/files/L2_SM_P_ATBD_v7_Sep2015-po-en%281%29.pdf)

Commit message:

Added resolution info to SMAP and AMSR

common/config/metadata/smap/SoilMoisture_L2_L3_Passive.md, after:

# Soil Moisture (L2, Passive, Single Channel Algorithm, H Polarization)
Temporal coverage: 31 March 2015 - present

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) "Soil Moisture (L2, Passive, Single Channel Algorithm, H Polarization)" layer displays surface soil moisture in cm<sup>3</sup>/cm<sup>3</sup> derived from the Single Channel Algorithm H-Pol (SCA-H), one of four optional soil moisture algorithms, for the 6:00 a.m. descending half-orbit passes of the SMAP radiometer. The SMAP radiometer measures natural thermal emission emanating from the soil surface. The variation in the intensity of this radiation depends on the dielectric properties and temperature of the target medium, which for the near surface soil layer is a function of the amount of moisture present. In the SCA-H, the horizontally polarized brightness temperatures are converted to emissivity using a surrogate for the physical temperature of the emitting layer. The derived emissivity is corrected for vegetation and surface roughness to obtain the soil emissivity. The Fresnel equation is then used to determine the dielectric constant. Finally, a dielectric mixing model is used to obtain the soil moisture given knowledge of the soil texture.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate. The imagery resolution is 2 km and sensor resolution is 36 km. The temporal resolution is daily and temporal availability for viewing in Worldview/Global Imagery Browse Services (GIBS) is 31 March 2015 - present.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L2 Radiometer Half-Orbit 36 km EASE-Grid Soil Moisture](http://nsidc.org/data/SPL2SMP)

Data field: soil_moisture_option1

## References: [SMAP L2 Radiometer Half-Orbit 36 km EASE-Grid Soil Moisture](http://nsidc.org/data/SPL2SMP); [Algorithm Theoretical Basis Document Level 2 & 3 Soil Moisture (Passive) Data Products](https://nsidc.org/sites/nsidc.org/files/files/L2_SM_P_ATBD_v7_Sep2015-po-en%281%29.pdf)

# Soil Moisture (L2, Passive, Single Channel Algorithm, V Polarization)
Temporal coverage: 31 March 2015 - present

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) "Soil Moisture (L2, Passive, Single Channel Algorithm, V Polarization)" layer displays surface soil moisture in cm<sup>3</sup>/cm<sup>3</sup> derived from the Single Channel Algorithm V-Pol (SCA-V), the baseline soil moisture algorithm, for the 6:00 a.m. descending half-orbit passes of the SMAP radiometer. The SMAP radiometer measures natural thermal emission emanating from the soil surface. The variation in the intensity of this radiation depends on the dielectric properties and temperature of the target medium, which for the near surface soil layer is a function of the amount of moisture present. In the SCA-V, the vertically polarized brightness temperature observations are converted to emissivity using a surrogate for the physical temperature of the emitting layer. The derived emissivity is corrected for vegetation and surface roughness to obtain the soil emissivity. The Fresnel equation is then used to determine the dielectric constant from the soil emissivity. Finally, a dielectric mixing model is used to solve for the soil moisture given knowledge of the soil texture.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate. The imagery resolution is 2 km and sensor resolution is 36 km. The temporal resolution is daily and temporal availability for viewing in Worldview/Global Imagery Browse Services (GIBS) is 31 March 2015 - present.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L2 Radiometer Half-Orbit 36 km EASE-Grid Soil Moisture](http://nsidc.org/data/SPL2SMP)

Data field: soil_moisture_option2

## References: [SMAP L2 Radiometer Half-Orbit 36 km EASE-Grid Soil Moisture](http://nsidc.org/data/SPL2SMP); [Algorithm Theoretical Basis Document Level 2 & 3 Soil Moisture (Passive) Data Products](https://nsidc.org/sites/nsidc.org/files/files/L2_SM_P_ATBD_v7_Sep2015-po-en%281%29.pdf)

# Soil Moisture (L2, Passive, Dual Channel Algorithm)
Temporal coverage: March 31, 2015 - present

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) "Soil Moisture (L2, Passive, Dual Channel Algorithm)" layer displays surface soil moisture in cm<sup>3</sup>/cm<sup>3</sup> derived from the Dual Channel Algorithm (DCA), one of four optional soil moisture algorithms, for the 6:00 a.m. descending half-orbit passes of the SMAP radiometer. The SMAP radiometer measures natural thermal emission emanating from the soil surface. The variation in the intensity of this radiation depends on the dielectric properties and temperature of the target medium, which for the near surface soil layer is a function of the amount of moisture present. In the DCA, both the vertically and horizontally polarized brightness temperatures are used to solve for soil moisture and vegetation optical depth.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L2 Radiometer Half-Orbit 36 km EASE-Grid Soil Moisture](http://nsidc.org/data/SPL2SMP)

Data field: soil_moisture_option3

## References: [SMAP L2 Radiometer Half-Orbit 36 km EASE-Grid Soil Moisture](http://nsidc.org/data/SPL2SMP); [Algorithm Theoretical Basis Document Level 2 & 3 Soil Moisture (Passive) Data Products](https://nsidc.org/sites/nsidc.org/files/files/L2_SM_P_ATBD_v7_Sep2015-po-en%281%29.pdf)

# Soil Moisture (L3, Passive)
Temporal coverage: March 31, 2015 - present

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) "Soil Moisture (L3, Passive)" layer displays a daily global composite of surface soil moisture in cm<sup>3</sup>/cm<sup>3</sup> derived from the Single Channel Algorithm V-Pol (SCA-V), the baseline soil moisture algorithm, for the 6:00 a.m. descending half-orbit passes of the SMAP radiometer. The SMAP radiometer measures natural thermal emission emanating from the soil surface. The variation in the intensity of this radiation depends on the dielectric properties and temperature of the target medium, which for the near surface soil layer is a function of the amount of moisture present.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L3 Radiometer Global Daily 36 km EASE-Grid Soil Moisture](http://nsidc.org/data/SPL3SMP)

Data field: soil_moisture

## References: [SMAP L3 Radiometer Global Daily 36 km EASE-Grid Soil Moisture](http://nsidc.org/data/SPL3SMP); [Algorithm Theoretical Basis Document Level 2 & 3 Soil Moisture (Passive) Data Products](https://nsidc.org/sites/nsidc.org/files/files/L2_SM_P_ATBD_v7_Sep2015-po-en%281%29.pdf)
