common/config/metadata/smap/SurfaceSoilTemperature.md, before:

# Surface Soil Temperature (L4, 12z Instantaneous, Model Value-Added)
Temporal coverage: 31 March 2015 - present

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) “Surface Soil Temperature (L4, 12z Instantaneous, Model Value-Added)” layer displays model-derived global surface soil temperature in the top 5 cm of the soil column in kelvins. Surface soil temperature estimates are based on a soil heat diffusion model component of the NASA Catchment Land Surface Model.  12z indicates the Z (or UTC) time used for nearest 3-hourly analysis time when SMAP observations are merged into the assimilation system.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L4 9 km EASE-Grid Surface and Root Zone Soil Moisture Analysis Update](https://nsidc.org/data/spl4smau/)

Data field: soil_temp_layer1_analysis

## References: [SMAP L4 9 km EASE-Grid Surface and Root Zone Soil Moisture Analysis Update](https://nsidc.org/data/spl4smau/); [Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) Algorithm Theoretical Basis Document Level 4 Surface and Root Zone Soil Moisture (L4_SM) Data Product Revision A December 9, 2014](https://nsidc.org/sites/nsidc.org/files/files/272_L4_SM_RevA_web.pdf)

Commit message:

Added resolution info to SMAP and AMSR

common/config/metadata/smap/SurfaceSoilTemperature.md, after:

# Surface Soil Temperature (L4, 12z Instantaneous, Model Value-Added)
Temporal coverage: 31 March 2015 - present

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) “Surface Soil Temperature (L4, 12z Instantaneous, Model Value-Added)” layer displays model-derived global surface soil temperature in the top 5 cm of the soil column in Kelvin (K). Surface soil temperature estimates are based on a soil heat diffusion model component of the NASA Catchment Land Surface Model.  12z indicates the Z (or UTC) time used for nearest 3-hourly analysis time when SMAP observations are merged into the assimilation system.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate. The imagery resolution is 2 km and sensor resolution is 9 km. The temporal resolution is daily and temporal availability for viewing in Worldview/Global Imagery Browse Services (GIBS) is 31 March 2015 - present.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L4 9 km EASE-Grid Surface and Root Zone Soil Moisture Analysis Update](https://nsidc.org/data/spl4smau/)

Data field: soil_temp_layer1_analysis

## References: [SMAP L4 9 km EASE-Grid Surface and Root Zone Soil Moisture Analysis Update](https://nsidc.org/data/spl4smau/); [Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) Algorithm Theoretical Basis Document Level 4 Surface and Root Zone Soil Moisture (L4_SM) Data Product Revision A December 9, 2014](https://nsidc.org/sites/nsidc.org/files/files/272_L4_SM_RevA_web.pdf)
