common/config/metadata/smap/SurfaceSoilMoisture.md, before:

# Surface Soil Moisture (L4, 12z Instantaneous, Model Value-Added)
Temporal coverage: 31 March 2015 - present

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) “Surface Soil Moisture (L4, 12z Instantaneous, Model Value-Added)” layer displays model-derived global surface soil moisture of the top 5 cm of the soil column in m<sup>3</sup>/m<sup>3</sup>.  Surface soil moisture estimates are obtained by merging SMAP observations with estimates from a land surface model in a soil moisture ensemble Kalman filter data assimilation system.  12z indicates the Z (or UTC) time used for nearest 3-hourly analysis time when SMAP observations are merged into the assimilation system.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L4 9 km EASE-Grid Surface and Root Zone Soil Moisture Analysis Update](https://nsidc.org/data/spl4smau/)

Data field: sm_surface_analysis

## References: [SMAP L4 9 km EASE-Grid Surface and Root Zone Soil Moisture Analysis Update](https://nsidc.org/data/spl4smau/); [Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) Algorithm Theoretical Basis Document Level 4 Surface and Root Zone Soil Moisture (L4_SM) Data Product Revision A December 9, 2014](https://nsidc.org/sites/nsidc.org/files/files/272_L4_SM_RevA_web.pdf)

# Surface Soil Moisture Uncertainty (L4, 12z Instantaneous, Model Value-Added)
Temporal coverage: March 31, 2015 - present

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) “Surface Soil Moisture Uncertainty (L4, 12z Instantaneous, Model Value-Added)” layer displays uncertainty estimates of model-derived global surface soil moisture of the top 5 cm of the soil column in m<sup>3</sup>/m<sup>3</sup>. Surface soil moisture estimates are obtained by merging SMAP observations with estimates from a land surface model in a soil moisture ensemble Kalman filter data assimilation system.  Error estimates are derived from the ensemble standard deviation of the analyzed fields.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L4 9 km EASE-Grid Surface and Root Zone Soil Moisture Analysis Update](https://nsidc.org/data/spl4smau/)

Data field: sm_surface_analysis_ensstd

## References: [SMAP L4 9 km EASE-Grid Surface and Root Zone Soil Moisture Analysis Update](https://nsidc.org/data/spl4smau/); [Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) Algorithm Theoretical Basis Document Level 4 Surface and Root Zone Soil Moisture (L4_SM) Data Product Revision A December 9, 2014](https://nsidc.org/sites/nsidc.org/files/files/272_L4_SM_RevA_web.pdf)

Commit message:

Added resolution info to SMAP and AMSR

common/config/metadata/smap/SurfaceSoilMoisture.md, after:

# Surface Soil Moisture (L4, 12z Instantaneous, Model Value-Added)
Temporal coverage: 31 March 2015 - present

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) “Surface Soil Moisture (L4, 12z Instantaneous, Model Value-Added)” layer displays model-derived global surface soil moisture of the top 5 cm of the soil column in m<sup>3</sup>/m<sup>3</sup>.  Surface soil moisture estimates are obtained by merging SMAP observations with estimates from a land surface model in a soil moisture ensemble Kalman filter data assimilation system.  12z indicates the Z (or UTC) time used for nearest 3-hourly analysis time when SMAP observations are merged into the assimilation system.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate. The imagery resolution is 2 km and sensor resolution is 9 km. The temporal resolution is daily and temporal availability for viewing in Worldview/Global Imagery Browse Services (GIBS) is 31 March 2015 - present.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L4 9 km EASE-Grid Surface and Root Zone Soil Moisture Analysis Update](https://nsidc.org/data/spl4smau/)

Data field: sm_surface_analysis

## References: [SMAP L4 9 km EASE-Grid Surface and Root Zone Soil Moisture Analysis Update](https://nsidc.org/data/spl4smau/); [Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) Algorithm Theoretical Basis Document Level 4 Surface and Root Zone Soil Moisture (L4_SM) Data Product Revision A December 9, 2014](https://nsidc.org/sites/nsidc.org/files/files/272_L4_SM_RevA_web.pdf)

# Surface Soil Moisture Uncertainty (L4, 12z Instantaneous, Model Value-Added)
Temporal coverage: March 31, 2015 - present

The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) “Surface Soil Moisture Uncertainty (L4, 12z Instantaneous, Model Value-Added)” layer displays uncertainty estimates of model-derived global surface soil moisture of the top 5 cm of the soil column in m<sup>3</sup>/m<sup>3</sup>. Surface soil moisture estimates are obtained by merging SMAP observations with estimates from a land surface model in a soil moisture ensemble Kalman filter data assimilation system.  Error estimates are derived from the ensemble standard deviation of the analyzed fields.

The SMAP spacecraft carries two instruments, a radar (active) and a radiometer (passive), that together make global measurements of land surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw state. It is useful for monitoring and predicting natural hazards such as floods and droughts, understanding the linkages between Earth’s water, energy and carbon cycles, and reducing uncertainties in predicting weather and climate. The imagery resolution is 2 km and sensor resolution is 9 km. The temporal resolution is daily and temporal availability for viewing in Worldview/Global Imagery Browse Services (GIBS) is 31 March 2015 - present.

## Source
Data product: [SMAP L4 9 km EASE-Grid Surface and Root Zone Soil Moisture Analysis Update](https://nsidc.org/data/spl4smau/)

Data field: sm_surface_analysis_ensstd

## References: [SMAP L4 9 km EASE-Grid Surface and Root Zone Soil Moisture Analysis Update](https://nsidc.org/data/spl4smau/); [Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) Algorithm Theoretical Basis Document Level 4 Surface and Root Zone Soil Moisture (L4_SM) Data Product Revision A December 9, 2014](https://nsidc.org/sites/nsidc.org/files/files/272_L4_SM_RevA_web.pdf)
