The SEDAC Drought Hazard: Frequency and Distribution layer indicates the relative distribution and frequency of drought hazard. The information displayed in Worldview/Global Imagery Browse Services (GIBS) shows that where there are higher grid cell values, there are higher frequencies of drought occurrences from 1980-2000: 0, 1-3, 4-6, 7-10, 11-19.

Global Drought Hazard Frequency and Distribution is a 2.5 minute grid (4.5km at the equator) based upon the International Research Institute for Climate and Society’s (IRI) Weighted Anomaly of Standardized Precipitation (WASP). Utilizing average monthly precipitation data from 1980 through 2000 at a resolution of 2.5 degrees, WASP assesses the precipitation deficit or surplus over a three month temporal window that is weighted by the magnitude of the seasonal cyclic variation in precipitation. The three months' averages are derived from the precipitation data and the median rainfall for the 21 year period is calculated for each grid cell. Grid cells where the three month running average of precipitation is less than 1 mm per day are excluded. Drought events are identified when the magnitude of a monthly precipitation deficit is less than or equal to 50 percent of its long term median value for three or more consecutive months. Grid cells are then divided into 10 classes having an approximately equal number of grid cells. Higher grid cell values denote higher frequencies of drought occurrences.

The layer can be viewed in Worldview/GIBS and the data can be downloaded from the [Socioeconomic Data and Applications Center (SEDAC)](http://sedac.ciesin.columbia.edu/data/set/ndh-drought-hazard-frequency-distribution).
