#OMI Aerosol Optical Depth

The OMI Aerosol Optical Depth layer indicates the level at which particles in the air (aerosols) prevent light from traveling through the atmosphere. Aerosols absorb and scatter incoming sunlight, which reduces visibility and increases the optical depth. Aerosols have an effect on human health, weather and the climate. Sources of aerosols include pollution from factories, smoke from fires, dust from dust storms, sea salts, and volcanic ash and smog. Aerosols compromise human health when inhaled by people with asthma or other respiratory illnesses. Aerosols also have an affect on the weather and climate by cooling or warming the earth, helping or preventing clouds from forming.  OMI is able to retrieve aerosol optical depth over higher reflectance backgrounds (such as deserts) due to measuring aerosol absorptions on the ultraviolet (UV), in comparison to the MODIS instrument.

The OMI Aerosol Optical Depth layer is from the Ozone Monitoring Instrument (OMI) Level 2 Near UV Aerosol Optical Depth and Single Scattering Albedo Swath 13x24 km (OMAERUV) available from the OMI instrument on the Aura satellite. The sensor resolution is 25km, imagery resolution is 2km, temporal resolution is daily and temporal availability for viewing in GIBS/Worldview is May 8, 2012 – present.

Data references: http://disc.sci.gsfc.nasa.gov/data holdings/PIP/aerosol_optical_thickness_or_depth.shtml; Encyclopedia of Atmospheric Sciences, Volumes 1-6. Eds. Gerald R. North, John A. Pyle, Fuqing Zhang. Elsevier. September 14, 2014.
#OMI Absorbing Aerosol Optical Depth
The OMI Absorbing Aerosol Optical Depth layer indicates the presence of elevated absorbing aerosols in the atmosphere. The aerosols that are most prevalent in the Absorbing Aerosol Optical Depth are desert dust and aerosols related to biomass burning.

The OMI Absorbing Aerosol Optical Depth layer is a science parameter of the Ozone Monitoring Instrument (OMI) Level 2 Near UV Aerosol Optical Depth and Single Scattering Albedo Swath 13x24 km (OMAERUV) available from the OMI instrument on the Aura satellite. The sensor resolution is 25km, imagery resolution is 2km, temporal resolution is daily and temporal availability for viewing in GIBS/Worldview is May 8, 2012 – present.

References: http://www.temis.nl/airpollution/absaai/

#OMI Aerosol Index
The OMI Aerosol Index layer indicates the presence of ultraviolet (UV)-absorbing particles in the air (aerosols) such as desert dust and soot particles in the atmosphere. The Aerosol Index layer is useful for identifying and tracking the long-range transport of volcanic ash from volcanic eruptions, smoke from wildfires or biomass burning events and dust from desert dust storms, even tracking over clouds and areas of snow and ice. 

The OMI Aerosol Index layer is a science parameter of the Ozone Monitoring Instrument (OMI) Level 2 Near UV Aerosol Optical Depth and Single Scattering Albedo Swath 13x24 km (OMAERUV) available from the OMI instrument on the Aura satellite. The sensor resolution is 25km, imagery resolution is 2km, temporal resolution is daily and temporal availability for viewing in GIBS/Worldview is May 8, 2012 – present.
Data References: http://disc.sci.gsfc.nasa.gov/data-holdings/PIP/aerosol_index.shtml; http://disc.sci.gsfc.nasa.gov/Aura/data-holdings/OMI/omaeruv_v003.shtml; http://gcmd.gsfc.nasa.gov/KeywordSearch/Metadata.do?Portal=GCMD&KeywordPath=%7C%5BFreetext%3D%27OMAERUV%27%5D&OrigMetadataNode=GCMD&EntryId=GES_DISC_OMAERUV_V003&MetadataView=Full&MetadataType=0&lbnode=mdlb3; http://disc.sci.gsfc.nasa.gov/Aura/data-holdings/additional/documentation/README.OMI_DUG.pdf; http://www.knmi.nl/omi/research/product/product_generator.php?info=page&product=aerosol&flavour=OMAERUV&long=Aerosol%20absorption%20optical%20thickness%20and%20single%20scattering%20albedo
