common/config/metadata/modis/SeaSurfaceTemperature.md, before:

# MODIS (Terra & Aqua) Sea Surface Temperature (Infrared)
The MODIS Sea Surface Temperature (SST) layer is the “skin sea surface temperature” at approximately 10-20 µm depth in Celsius (°C). Changes in sea surface temperature have an impact on weather, oceanic and atmospheric current patterns, affects ocean ecology and even life on land. Sea surface temperatures are normally warmer near the equator and cooler near the poles, but ocean currents move warm and cold water around the earth’s oceans. When these currents flow near the surface, they are typically visible in the sea surface imagery if not obscured by clouds.  El Niño is an example of how changes in sea surface temperature affect weather around the world. El Niño occurs every 3 – 7 years and causes a wide swath of the eastern tropical Pacific Ocean around the equator to warm 2 – 3 °C (or even more during intense El Nino events). This anomalous warming in turn changes weather  patterns around the world. For example, increased precipitation typically occurs in the  southern United States, and severe drought is found  in Australia, Indonesia, and southern Asia during these periods.  Other examples of SST effects on weather include the ocean temperature influence on the development of tropical cyclones like hurricanes and typhoons. Tropical cyclones  are dependent on warm SST from which they draw heat and energy to form and intensify.  

The MODIS Sea Surface Temperature product is a combined Terra and Aqua satellite product, based upon Group for High Resolution Sea Surface Temperature (GHRSST) Level 2P Global Skin Surface Temperature from MODIS on the [Aqua](http://podaac.jpl.nasa.gov/dataset/JPL-L2P-MODIS_A) and [Terra](http://podaac.jpl.nasa.gov/dataset/JPL-L2P-MODIS_T) satellites products. The sensor and imagery resolution is 1km, temporal resolution is 5 days and temporal for viewing in GIBS/Worldview is from April 13, 2013 to present.

Commit message:

Added text to announce removal of the layer

common/config/metadata/modis/SeaSurfaceTemperature.md, after:

# MODIS (Terra & Aqua) Sea Surface Temperature (Infrared)
This layer will be removed at the end of March 2016. Use the two Group for High Resolution Sea Surface Temperature (GHRSST) layers, G1SST and MUR, instead!

The MODIS Sea Surface Temperature (SST) layer is the “skin sea surface temperature” at approximately 10-20 µm depth in Celsius (°C). Changes in sea surface temperature have an impact on weather, oceanic and atmospheric current patterns, affects ocean ecology and even life on land. Sea surface temperatures are normally warmer near the equator and cooler near the poles, but ocean currents move warm and cold water around the earth’s oceans. When these currents flow near the surface, they are typically visible in the sea surface imagery if not obscured by clouds.  El Niño is an example of how changes in sea surface temperature affect weather around the world. El Niño occurs every 3 – 7 years and causes a wide swath of the eastern tropical Pacific Ocean around the equator to warm 2 – 3 °C (or even more during intense El Nino events). This anomalous warming in turn changes weather  patterns around the world. For example, increased precipitation typically occurs in the  southern United States, and severe drought is found  in Australia, Indonesia, and southern Asia during these periods.  Other examples of SST effects on weather include the ocean temperature influence on the development of tropical cyclones like hurricanes and typhoons. Tropical cyclones  are dependent on warm SST from which they draw heat and energy to form and intensify.  

The MODIS Sea Surface Temperature product is a combined Terra and Aqua satellite product, based upon Group for High Resolution Sea Surface Temperature (GHRSST) Level 2P Global Skin Surface Temperature from MODIS on the [Aqua](http://podaac.jpl.nasa.gov/dataset/JPL-L2P-MODIS_A) and [Terra](http://podaac.jpl.nasa.gov/dataset/JPL-L2P-MODIS_T) satellites products. The sensor and imagery resolution is 1km, temporal resolution is 5 days and temporal for viewing in GIBS/Worldview is from April 13, 2013 to present.
