common/config/metadata/misr/Radiance.md, before:

### Radiance Average (Monthly, Natural Color)
Temporal Coverage: March 2000 - present (Monthly)

The MISR Radiance Average layer displays the temporal average of all radiances measured by MISR’s cameras in the red, green, and blue bands over a particular month. Radiance is a measure of the energy emitted and/or reflected by the Earth’s surface in a particular direction, per unit area, per wavelength. MISR’s radiances are reported in units of W m<sup>-2</sup> sr<sup>-1</sup> µm<sup>-1</sup>. MISR radiances are used to create natural-color images. Along with the measurements from MISR’s near-infrared band, these radiances are the base measurements from which all other MISR data products are produced.

This layer is produced from the Average field of the MISR Level 3 Component Global Georectified Radiance Product. It is available globally over both land and ocean on a monthly basis, with a spatial resolution of 0.5 degrees latitude by 0.5 degrees longitude.

### Radiance Average (Monthly, Infrared Color)
Temporal Coverage: March 2000 - present (Monthly)

The MISR Radiance Average layer displays the temporal average of all radiances measured by MISR’s cameras in the near-infrared band (865 nm) over a particular month. Radiance is a measure of the energy emitted and/or reflected by the Earth’s surface in a particular direction, per unit area, per wavelength. MISR’s radiances are reported in units of W m<sup>-2</sup> sr<sup>-1</sup> µm<sup>-1</sup>. MISR near-infrared radiances are used to create false-color images (alone or with some combination of the red, blue, and green bands), and are useful for monitoring the health of vegetation, which appears bright in this wavelength. Along with the measurements from MISR’s red, blue, and green bands, these radiances are the base measurements from which all other MISR data products are produced.

This layer is produced from the Average field of the MISR Level 3 Component Global Georectified Radiance Product. It is available globally over both land and ocean on a monthly basis, with a spatial resolution of 0.5 degrees latitude by 0.5 degrees longitude.

References: [MISR Level 3 Component Global Georectified Radiance Product](https://eosweb.larc.nasa.gov/project/misr/cggrp_table)

Commit message:

Added MISR radiance combined description

common/config/metadata/misr/Radiance.md, after:

### Color Radiance (RGB)
Temporal Coverage: 1 September 2017 - present

The MISR Color Radiance layers display the daily radiance data captured by MISR’s nine cameras. Aa is the 26.1-degree aftward-pointing camera, Af is the 26.1-degree forward-pointing camera, An is the nadir camera, Ba is the 45.6-degree aftward-pointing camera, Bf is the 45.6-degree forward-pointing camera, Ca is the 60.0-degree aftward-pointing camera, Cf is the 60.0-degree forward-pointing camera, Da is the 70.5-degree aftward-pointing camera, and Df  is the 70.5-degree forward-pointing camera in the red, green, and blue bands created with near real-time (NRT) processing.

Radiance is a measure of the energy emitted and/or reflected by the Earth’s surface in a particular direction, per unit area, per wavelength. MISR’s radiances are reported in units of W m<sup>-2</sup> sr<sup>-1</sup> µm<sup>-1</sup>. MISR radiances are used to create natural-color images. Along with the measurements from MISR’s near-infrared band, these radiances are the base measurements from which all other MISR data products are produced.

These layers are produced from the Red Radiance/RDQI, Green Radiance/RDQI, and Blue Radiance/RDQI fields of the MISR Level 1 Near Real Time Georectified Ellipsoid Radiance Product. They are available globally over both land and ocean on a daily basis, with a resolution of 250 meters per pixel. The images become available approximately three hours after they are captured by the MISR instrument. The images are processed in 10-50 minute portions of the complete MISR orbit.

### Color Radiance (NGB)
Temporal Coverage: 1 September 2017 - present

The MISR Color Radiance layers display the daily radiance data captured by MISR’s nine cameras. Aa is the 26.1-degree aftward-pointing camera, Af is the 26.1-degree forward-pointing camera, An is the nadir camera, Ba is the 45.6-degree aftward-pointing camera, Bf is the 45.6-degree forward-pointing camera, Ca is the 60.0-degree aftward-pointing camera, Cf is the 60.0-degree forward-pointing camera, Da is the 70.5-degree aftward-pointing camera, and Df  is the 70.5-degree forward-pointing camera in the near-infrared, green, and blue bands created with near real-time (NRT) processing.

Radiance is a measure of the energy emitted and/or reflected by the Earth’s surface in a particular direction, per unit area, per wavelength. MISR’s radiances are reported in units of W m<sup>-2</sup> sr<sup>-1</sup> µm<sup>-1</sup>. These three MISR radiances are used to create false-color images that highlight the presence of vegetation and surface water. Along with the measurements from MISR’s red band, these radiances are the base measurements from which all other MISR data products are produced.

These layers are produced from the NIR Radiance/RDQI, Green Radiance/RDQI, and Blue Radiance/RDQI fields of the MISR Level 1 Near Real Time Georectified Ellipsoid Radiance Product. They are available globally over both land and ocean on a daily basis, with a spatial resolution of 1 km per pixel. The images become available approximately three hours after they are captured by the MISR instrument. The images are processed in 10-50 minute portions of the complete MISR orbit.

References: [MISR Level 1 Near Real Time Georectified Radiance Product](https://eosweb.larc.nasa.gov/project/misr/l1_nrt_products); [MISR Instrument: Viewing Angles](https://misr.jpl.nasa.gov/Mission/misrInstrument/viewingAngles/)

### Radiance Average (Monthly, Natural Color)
Temporal Coverage: March 2000 - present (Monthly)

The MISR Radiance Average layer displays the temporal average of all radiances measured by MISR’s cameras in the red, green, and blue bands over a particular month. Radiance is a measure of the energy emitted and/or reflected by the Earth’s surface in a particular direction, per unit area, per wavelength. MISR’s radiances are reported in units of W m<sup>-2</sup> sr<sup>-1</sup> µm<sup>-1</sup>. MISR radiances are used to create natural-color images. Along with the measurements from MISR’s near-infrared band, these radiances are the base measurements from which all other MISR data products are produced.

This layer is produced from the Average field of the MISR Level 3 Component Global Georectified Radiance Product. It is available globally over both land and ocean on a monthly basis, with a spatial resolution of 0.5 degrees latitude by 0.5 degrees longitude.

### Radiance Average (Monthly, Infrared Color)
Temporal Coverage: March 2000 - present (Monthly)

The MISR Radiance Average layer displays the temporal average of all radiances measured by MISR’s cameras in the near-infrared band (865 nm) over a particular month. Radiance is a measure of the energy emitted and/or reflected by the Earth’s surface in a particular direction, per unit area, per wavelength. MISR’s radiances are reported in units of W m<sup>-2</sup> sr<sup>-1</sup> µm<sup>-1</sup>. MISR near-infrared radiances are used to create false-color images (alone or with some combination of the red, blue, and green bands), and are useful for monitoring the health of vegetation, which appears bright in this wavelength. Along with the measurements from MISR’s red, blue, and green bands, these radiances are the base measurements from which all other MISR data products are produced.

This layer is produced from the Average field of the MISR Level 3 Component Global Georectified Radiance Product. It is available globally over both land and ocean on a monthly basis, with a spatial resolution of 0.5 degrees latitude by 0.5 degrees longitude.

References: [MISR Level 3 Component Global Georectified Radiance Product](https://eosweb.larc.nasa.gov/project/misr/cggrp_table)
